Training of worshipers to respond to a fire attack in mosques Security officials from the US Federal Bureau of Investigation organized a meeting with members of the Muslim community in the city of Windsor on Saturday, February 6 to train them on how to deal with cases of shooting at mosques, in ...
Trump promotes arms purchase: everyone has the right to own and carry a weapon
30 years in prison for a former American soldier who planned to kill Muslims
US police find weapons in the home of the Las Vegas massacre
Take up arms in America .. a national symbol
Today's news from Saudi Arabia - because of his mother-in-law ... Kelly commits the worst massacre in America
The Gate of the East, His Highness condoles the American President for the victims of Las Vegas today, Tuesday 03 October 2017
Saudi Arabia news: New York Trump bomber: failed to protect America
His Highness condolences the US President in the victims of Las Vegas
Islam Times - What if the cause of the Las Vegas massacre was a Muslim!
Americans call for arms embargo after high crime rates - Telquel
New York bombing suspect: Trump failed to protect America
Trump holds "Crazy America" ​​responsible for killing 200,000 Americans!
Morocco Newspaper The Las Vegas incident embarrasses the Trump administration: America between external terrorism and the dilemma of a law of possession of weapons
The Florida school massacre generates enormous profits for American arms companies
The shooting in Texas revives the debate about gun laws
11 dead in a shooting attack on a synagogue in the United States
One billion small arms in the world, mostly by civilians
An American firefighter organization launches an award-winning machine gun days after the Florida massacre
Shooting near the White House
American teachers train "discreetly" to take up arms in schools
Misc: An American gets her first weapon on her tenth birthday! (Video)
Muslims survive a bloody scheme in America
Egypt’s breaking news - Egypt News: Pistol attacks in America .. a quarter of a century of "codified death"
A "disgruntled" employee randomly shoots his colleagues in Virginia and commits suicide
Arms sales in America decreased in 2018 by 6.1% | Economy Ammon News Agency
A "disgruntled" employee shoots randomly at his Virginia colleagues and commits suicide - urgent
Masress: America .. 27 amendments to a constitution that strengthens violence
American authorities arrest young men who were planning to target Muslims
New Zealand mosque attack is a reflection of the culture of Islamophobia “spreading in America and the West”
By 6.1% ... arms sales in America have declined for the second year in a row
A weapon for every American and 30 thousand people killed annually .. Does America review its legislation on possession of weapons? (Video)
Treacherous bullets invade Washington ... shooting incidents are spreading in America
Follow-up: “Amnesty International” launches a travel warning for the United States due to the proliferation of firearms
23:00 White terrorism in America ... Democrats accuse Trump of feeding him after the bloody weekend
Details of the trial of teenagers who planned to carry out a bomb attack on a Muslim town in America! • Al-Marsad newspaper
Who was the perpetrator of the Texas attack that praised the New Zealand mosque massacre?
Statement by Al-Azhar regarding the two shooting incidents in America
Sputtenbek: Statement by Al-Azhar regarding the two shooting incidents in America
Roya News Network Chaos of arms in America .. Freedom kills sometimes